---
title: Manifest | V1

status: new
---
# Extension Manifest
The extensions manifest (`v1`) is pratically the settings for your extension. Here are the basic keys most extensions use:

```json
{
    "name": "Your Extension",
    "description": "Describe your new extension",
    "cover_image": "rbxassetid://0", // (1)
    "type": 1, // (2)

    "vesion": "1.0",
    "manifest_version": 1
}
```

1. If you have no image set (or it fails to load) it will use the default (the Destrix logo).<br><br>If you have an ID set and your image has not loaded, open Roblox Studio and insert a Decal, then past your ID as the texture, wait a few seconds, then copy the converted ID/string, replace `cover_image` with it, and it should then load.

2. 1: Plugin <br> 2: Theme

!!! failure "Danger"

    Failure to provide the following keys will result in your extension being unloadable:

    - `manifest_version`
    - `version`
    - `name`

    Furthermore, failure to provide valid values will also result in your extension not working.

??? tip "Having trouble and don't know why?"

    Frequent Issues

    <strong>Error: "Required manifest infrastructure missing"</strong>
    
    This error means your extension is missing a key listed above. If you think you have all of them, make sure to check if you've made a typo/mispelt one of the required keys. The position of them does not matter.

    <strong>Error: "Invalid manifest version"</strong>
    
    You have mistyped the value of `manifest_version`, make sure it is set to `1`.

    <strong>Error: "You are using a deprecated manifest version"</strong>
    
    This error may be caused by having a mistyped value of `manifest_version` again.

    If your error is not listed here, [contact support](?contact=support&area=extensions&sub_area=manifest).

## Adding author/s

Do you have multiple authors/contributors, or is it just you? You can add credit to your extension via the manifest by adding the following:

```json
{
    ...

    "authors": [
        "655331725", "5230234514"
    ]
}
```

<small>This also works with a single author, just simply keep one entry under the `authors` key.</small>